My name is Adam Acevedo and I am the founding member of <b>Future Origins</b>. I was born and raised in Southern California, son of a lithographic printer and accountant / bookkeeper. I'm the eldest of two children and have a younger sister. As one of the first children born into both my mother and father's families, I was privileged to have grown up with all of my grandparents. I even had my great grandmothers during my early childhood. I still have both of my grandmothers, and love, respect, and revere them greatly. The lessons they passed down to me are my life blood, the reason I have had successes in life, and the reason I'm prepared to raise my own children.

In middle school (6-8 grade), I was fortunate enough to have uncles and aunts who were venturing out into the world as adults. Going to college, becoming professionals, anddiscovering their communities. I was invited to join them on that journey, and reveled in the opportunity to learn from them and with them. I discovered a passion for computers and computer networks, I discovered a passion for tinkering and problem solving. Soon I was discovering my own community of friends and colleagues that would help me to develope my passion for technology.

Shortly after graduating high school, I was starting my carreer in cyber security. Although I had already enjoyed the casual walks on a trail near my home, and the musings starring out from a water storage tank build high of a Los Angeles suburb, I began to realize I had a special connection to nature that many of my friends and family had never expressed to me. This relationship with nature was something that became individual and personal to me, but also became a source of connecting with others.

Since the days of my early adulthood, 25 years have passed. I now have a well established career in technology, a wonderfully intelligent and creative wife, and two amazing children of my own. We live together in a somewhat remote area of Northern California, what I like to consider god's country. This place is home, and I am greatful for every day I am privileged to be in this place, and I am honored to be a member of this community. I encourage others to be present, look for the good in the people you encounter in your life (not online), and never forget that we are but a single loop in a chain that stretches across space and time. Together we are greater than the sum of our parts.
